It's a question that you would ask yourself and
anyone would ask because when all the
Crown Princes of the monarchy or
Crown Princesses are going to get
married, a
normal, normal logical investigation is carried out. Jaime says that the
logical thing would have been for King Juan
Carlos to have asked the CNI to
investigate Leticia to find out her
past. I told you general, they
never asked you for an investigation into
the person who was going to become the
consort of the future King, he told me no, I don't
think so because if an
investigation had been done there would be no wedding, of course, of
course, I mean, Jaime Peñafiel is
completely convinced that if
that investigation had been done there would
be no wedding and it's like, but well, what is it that
Queen Leticia has, a corpse
in the refrigerator, it has always been said
that she made things clear, that she did not
hide anything, that she told him, look, this is my
past, this is my divorce and this is what there is.
And Felipe not only accepted it
but he confronted his parents and said,
I want this woman, I'm going to marry
her, and are you going to accept it because if not, I
'm going to give up everything?